SystemRunner param and macro syntax (#21811)
bevyengine/bevy: release-content/release-notes/system_composition.md

---
title: System Composition
authors: ["@ecoskey"]
pull_requests: [21811]
---

## `SystemRunner` SystemParam

We've been working on some new tools to make composing multiple ECS systems together

> even easier. Bevy 0.18 introduces the `SystemRunner` `SystemParam`, allowing running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
even easier. Bevy 0.19 introduces the `SystemRunner` `SystemParam`, enabling the ability to run
```
